I think just after after seeing that car
accident which was threw me threw me off
and now I'm even afraid just to get in
my car
I certainly terrified to get in a car
with somebody else and I mean I Drive to
work because I have to admit it's not
too far from my house but it is a very
stressful experience for me just to
drive it is where it comfortable I
managed oh yeah definitely man and
congratulations on going because I'm
sure a lot of us would would not it
would be successful I did call in and
decide not to go to work today I was
going to come here and I didn't think I
could drive there I know that takes over
a lot of strength and I certainly do
here how how that's affected you and how
difficult that is to get in a car after
winning the next you know it's I don't I
don't get to see my friends this often
if they're going to come see me that's
that's fine but I'm definitely not gonna
get in the car and go see them and I'm
sure that they think that's pretty
pathetic and that wasn't even in the car
so I just
saw it but I'm so affected by it it
seems like I should be over that by now
so it's affecting your how you're
interacting with folks and it's
affecting kind of your beliefs about
yourself yeah I've always considered
myself a pretty strong person you know
person you could deal with things in
life and I think I've done a pretty good
job up until now but this is just
something that for some reason I just
have this fear now that I'm gonna die in
a car accident and even just getting
into a car the heart rate starts racing
and my hands start sweating and my you
know I just I feel like I can't breathe
and I don't have any control over it and
it's just like how is it that I don't
have control over this so if I can
summarize a little bit is you know
you've talked a lot about the anxiety
you're feeling actors witnessing the car
accident just feeling very unsure about
yourself now a lack of self confidence
that you had once had and that this is
causing you to have thoughts about
yourself like what's wrong okay why
can't I do this there's a lot of shoulds
coming out I really think that I should
be able to get out of anything yeah yeah
I said there's probably an underline
what's wrong with me
there is something wrong yeah clearly
that's how I feel yes so you've got that
and it's affecting the fact that you
don't want to be driving you don't want
to ride in a car with others fantastic
that you made it here that you're still
getting to work I realize you called in
sick today but you made it here so you
obviously got a lot of strength and we
want to play on
because I know how hard that is
particularly you're talking about the
symptoms the racing heart cold climbing
hands and all that stuff comes along
I've been John some notes and stuff and
it seems like that's it does that seem
like we've captured this
you
if we need to change just a letter
because I am going to give you a copy at
the end of the session but just let me
know and even if you're at home and
you're like no no no no I need to talk
more about this absolutely but I do kind
of want to have something to where we we
can actually see something well one
thing that's not on there is that my
parents my family live a couple hours
away and I normally Drive I can't catch
a flight I'm not I'm not sure I'm going
to be able to go home for the holidays
and it's not like I can really tell I'm
afraid to drive okay if we seem to kind
of understand the issues one thing that
can be helpful for folks is if I can
just get some idea of where you'd like
to be where you'd like to see kind of
the end of counseling for you and so if
you could kind of imagine maybe three
months down the road and it might be
shorter than that
but three months on the road and you're
feeling much better more self-assured
what what kind of what would you like to
be feeling I think I would I would like
to have some control over my reactions
and feel more confident in my ability to
get just to get through this and feel
more comfortable driving
that be able to go and do see friends
and not be so paralyzed by this fear I
think I would just feel better about
myself and I would feel like I'm still a
strong person
so feeling much more confident much more
comfortable and just doing the everyday
things that you were used to
and in with this confidence and so forth
you'd be saying to yourself hey I am
strong I can't overcome traumatic events
that such as this that affect a lot of
things that I can handle this I can work
through it in them and then that's going
to affect how you behave you're going to
be able to get out and ride with friends
and then clearly a big thing is being
able to get your bearings does this seem
like we've got this - confidence I can
handle it get into the friends and then
maybe there might still be some
physiological reactions but maybe not
quite as severe something was managed or
managed well not as bothers yeah
something that just kind of takes over
you
so it seems like we've kind of got an
idea the issues and then I'll say where
you want to be and where we'll kind of
have the benchmark for where you know we
know what cousins being effective or
effective for you I'm wondering between
now and next session as you look at kind
of your goals what you're experiencing
now and your goals what might be a small
step that you could take to a now next
session that would help you towards
these goals I don't know I know that
ultimately in a few months I'm going to
need to drive home and right now I'm
doing is driving to work so I guess I
could and we certainly definitely want
to keep that that end goal in mind I
know that's not the end goal but the
goal of getting to your parents house it
seems like from what you've been telling
me so far is just that the symptoms are
so uncomfortable for you that to even to
drive even further than to a princess
would be maybe a stretch if it's not but
I don't want to I don't feel like I'm
ready to do not between now and next
week I don't feel like I mean I could
honestly I don't know that I would do
that okay
okay but I appreciate your willingness
to I can tell you're motivated I can
tell you want to feel better so I
appreciate that
what might be helpful then is maybe look
at some coping mechanism something that
you could practice yes and there are
some breathing techniques and submitting
mindfulness based techniques very simple
that that I could teach you and that if
you'd be willing to try those every day
for the next of the course of the next
week and we're talking about something
that's probably going to take less than
10 minutes
this is something that's going to help
those that feeling get in the car
we're one you're having a fear response
in a very natural fear response to what
you experience and what we're going to
do is to counter that for relaxation
response and get you kind of build your
relaxation muscle I'm not saying that's
going to work beautifully but the more
you practice the easier yes to me that
seems a lot more doable
just because I think I need to be able
to just relax and just get a little bit
more comfortable driving before I can
further so you got that somebody willing
to work on