I'm sorry to have to tell you this mr.
Williams but we have now completed all
of our tests and the early indications
are that April's collapse was due to the
onset of diabetes yes I'm afraid so
we'll need to keep her in for a few days
until we can stabilize her condition
hello Jasper isn't it my name's Emma and
I'm one of the team of counselors here
at Central Hospital Emma sorry yes they
sent me to talk to you well as I said
I'm one of the team here Jasper now it's
your decision as to whether or not you'd
like to talk to me but it may help you
to make some sense of what's happening
for you at the moment yes I see it's all
a bit of a mess you see I feel
dreadfully alone with it all it's all
out of my control you see just out of my
control all out of your control
well maybe talking to me will help you
to make some sense of this mess thank
you I suppose
well I won't do any harm I guess that's
fine Jasper so if you feel that this has
been useful at the end of our time today
we can book some more sessions we can
have 10 sessions initially but it's
entirely up to you 10 sessions that
sounds like rather a lot well
you're offering 10 sessions but as I say
it's entirely up to you as to whether or
not you would like to take advantage of
them Thanks
they are completely free of charge so if
you feel they will be of some benefit
they're there for you Thanks well we'll
see how it goes yes so this is your time
each session will be 450 minutes before
we start I
to let you know that everything we say
is confidential within the hospital if
there was a serious risk of harm to
yourself or someone else
we would have to take it outside the
room and in some cases we have a legal
obligation to disclose to other
organizations how does that same to you
Jasper
well it sounds fine Anna and I don't
think there's anything like that I may
be feeling down at the moment but I'm
not going to do anything stupid honestly
not to myself or to anyone else
that's fine Jasper it's just important
you realize there are these limits to
confidentiality I also need to let you
know that is part of good practice I
have regular supervision your name won't
be mentioned though so your anonymity
will be protected it's a bit like lying
management to make sure I'm working in
your best interests that sounds
reasonable
very professional well if you're ok with
all of that so we start by looking at
what you said when you arrived today you
said that everything was a bit of a mess
and out of your control well it is a
mess Emma to be perfectly honest I just
don't know what to do it's all come as a
bit of a shock totally unexpected
unexpected well yes one minute
everything's fine well as much as can be
inspected and then all this it's come as
a total shock and I just can't seem to
sort it out unexpected earn a shock
something you can't sort out it's
little girl you see my April she's my
whole world and now something is wrong
with April she's only eight it was her
birthday last month she was under the
weather back then I mean well she has
been for a while really I suppose she's
been lacking energy none of a usual
vitality
she was normally so upbeat
my little April she has this lovely
smile you know and she's always so
good-natured I mean of course she can be
her little minx at times but always in a
good way sort of mischievous but she
makes you laugh but then she started to
I don't know she seemed under the
weather sort of out of sorts
restless tired so it's your daughter
that is ill April she's gone from being
a lively little girl full of energy and
vitality to being rundown so unlike her
lacking her usual vitality rundown and
tired and I didn't do anything I just
thought it was one of those bugs going
around you know what children are like
they'll catch anything
I just didn't pick up on the signs even
though her birthday she was distant we
planned it together with her auntie sue
she'd really go to town bake this fairy
castle cake I mean Sue's wonderful with
April but that booth sugar junkies I
mean I've never really had a sweet tooth
for myself but sue and any probably just
go for it a couple of peas in a pod
those two she wanted a fairy tale
birthday party so we got her on a white
horse and a carriage we even hired a
merry-go-round and Sue did all the food
for them mostly sugary kids stuff I
suppose it sounds like she's really
spoiled but we only have each other now
I mean I've got a good city job but I
can work from home a lot so that I can
be there for her anyway we got her
everything she wanted but then in the
afternoon she got so tired she had to go
and lie down and that is just not like
her and now this
Jasper I just want to check I've really
heard what you said it's just you in
April you only have each other you're in
a position to have a wonderful lifestyle
and you organized a fairy tale party
together then she was really tired on
the day so unlike her and now this
something has happened she lapsed at
school you see she's been struggling to
breathe sweating and then she just
collapsed
and it was just really unlucky because I
was in the city when they call and I
wasn't there when they got it away in
here I mean I got there as soon as I
could but even when I did get there they
still didn't know what was wrong with
her she looked so frail she looked like
all the life had been taken away from
her like a mother
anyway they they've done all these tests
now and it turns out to be diabetes I
don't understand it to be honest I don't
think I take it in yet so diabetes and
you're struggling to take it all in but
you also said that April looked frail
like a mother that felt like it was an
important moment yes just like another
Julia
Julia was April's mom she was everything
to me
we fell in love when we were at the same
University I wasn't very outgoing then I
mean I'm still not I don't find it easy
being with people I just sort of get
lost in my own little world I mean I'm
good at my job but that's the point
really what I'm doing why I know when
I'm in my own comfort zone I'm fine but
Julia she was so full of life she lights
up the room
radiant sociable I've always been a bit
well
dull I suppose I did
stats business at university and that's
what I'm doing now but Julia gulia was
an artist so creative so full of life
you only met by chance really one of
those chance encounters that changes
your life forever an encounter that
changes your life forever
you were different people but you
connected Julia was your everything I
was devoted to her and she was devoted
to me I know it's cliche but people say
opposites attract and for some reason we
just really related to each other we
were inseparable it was perfect as soon
as we graduated we got married and then
we had April
Jasper I'm a little confused you talk
about Julius so fondly your devotion to
each other but you're talking in the
past tense Julia died soon after he had
April she just didn't have the strength
to get over it
and April became my whole life so sorry
must have been so difficult to cope with
losing your beloved Julia at the same
time your daughter came into the world
just a newborn must have been very hard
to deal with well I didn't have time to
deal with it really I just had to be
strong and what made it harder in a way
was April looked so much like her mother
and she still does and I was so
completely alone with her I mean my
sister you know auntie sue she's been a
big help and I really could have managed
without her but but
wife a loser wife a lose April you fear
you will lose April - she's so much like
her mother
that same haunted look well if she just
goes what if she just leaves me like
Julia left me she's got that look that
same haunted look I'm really scared now
it's scared of losing her she's all this
kept me going stopped me thinking I
supposed thinking about how much I miss
Julia
if I lose April I'll have nothing I
can't bear that I couldn't bear to be
left again you couldn't bear to be left
again you know I've always lost for
people I've loved the most
all my life they left me just as I
started to feel safe and secure it was
my grandmother first Sue's very much
like her in a way I suppose I mean my
memories of her very vague now she died
when I was what five but I can still
remember that she smelt of roses that
aroma of roses always reminds me of her
such a gentleman
and then it was my mum when I was 8
same age apron is now it was awesome
dad took me to the hospital to see her I
can remember all so vividly she looked
like something out of a Dickens novel
all pale and white all the blood drained
from her face Jasper can I just see if
I've really heard what you've said the
loss of these significant women in your
life these strong women you were close
to them and felt comfortable with them
women that left you with memories let me
try and think of the right word memories
are feeling abandoned something like
abandoned a sense of loss and
abandonment
yes being abandoned that's just it and
then as soon as mom died I was sent away
I mean dad he was never around really he
would just stay in the city so there's
only my mum and me staying at the house
and then after my mum died I was sent
away you know sent to boarding school
god I hated it all that noise
having to be with the other boys all day
every day
signs very hard to bear you know I think
I just sort of retreated into myself
after a while I used to go to the
library for a bit of peace and quiet
where I could just get on with my
studies that wasn't very sporty
you see never into any of all that never
really had that many friends
I turned into a bit of a loner I suppose
then during the holidays dad was never
around
particularly I just got passed around
from one place to another there was no
one place I could call home nowhere I
could really get an attachment to then I
met Julia and I started to feel well
safe I guess
Jasper we've talked a lot today about
the losses in your life how the
attachments you made provided you with a
sense of security a safe haven if you
like where you felt held the losses of
significant women in your life have left
you feeling abandoned and alone
and we've started to explore the trauma
you experienced and the depth of
abandonment you felt your sense of
security was taken from you when you
lost your mother and you were sent away
to schools and passed around between
your relatives during the holidays he
formed a secure relationship with Julia
and then had to suffer even more loss
when she died after April was born and
you haven't had the time or the space to
grieve since then now you worry you may
lose April too but you do recognize on
some level that April will be okay now
she's been diagnosed and she started her
treatment but on a deeper level you fear
that she will leave you it's just
there were so many losses Anna and I've
been holding all of this inside for such
a long time and you know I blame myself
in a way for what's happened to April
I'm responsible for holding on to too
tightly indulging her with all that
sugary stuff and it's all out of fear
you know fear of losing her and I nearly
did lose her what fear and holding on
too tightly definitely too tightly I can
see that now but where do I go from here
I mean I can see there's got to be a
time when she's going to want to make
her own life and I'm gonna find that so
difficult to let go you know it sounds
as though you're starting to make sense
of all of this Jasper so good place to
start to start by looking at what's
happening for you at the moment
and coming to terms with how you feel
yes thank you yes it is starting to make
sense all those connections
who'd have thought it would go all that
way back I didn't realize I'd been
holding on to all this for such a long
time and that it's affected Who I am who
i actually am today anyway I don't want
April to be burdened with all of this as
well I really didn't expect all this to
come out and I do you feel now it's
started to come out well a bit confused
still sad but
in a strange sort of way it's almost
like a release I guess
that sounds good Jasper
we're close to the end of our session
now Jasper and I was wondering how you
felt about coming back for more sessions
you know now we've started I'm wondering
if ten sessions will actually be enough
well it's ten sessions initially but
we'll see how it goes so same time next
week Daniel same time next week
I look forward to seeing you then Jasper