okay all right so I'm glad you came in
again and I know that you're coming in
for the specific reason to to talk about
something and is it an incident or you
can begin typically yeah it's not really
an incident just something I would like
pondering for a while and like just kind
of in terms of like general happiness
okay like I don't know like one like
whenever you're striving towards your
dream or something yeah and you like
achieve a certain extent yeah and then
you think that should make you happy but
it like but then you feel that it's not
enough and you have this like insatiable
desire to keep wanting more and more
great obviously confused like I don't
know if that's normal or if it's just
like a inability to be hot that you ER
well it seems like what you're
describing is this general kind of
experience that is that you're
specifically going through that right
now like yeah yeah okay all right first
off whatever you're describing what
you're describing about kind of having
an idea of where you want to go and then
reaching it and that not satisfying you
that's very common it isn't normal
yeah it's very human but I'd more like
to get into why specifically like it
give me some examples and then what it's
been like to go through this journey
yeah I mean so yeah like my dream was to
be a professional soccer player yeah and
then I ended up getting to play in Spain
with professional team then like once
actually got there and was happening I
was like miserable like I just felt
terrible for some reason I don't know
why yeah it was this kind of like maybe
I'd like no such high expectations or
something yeah and then I'm just like
really confusing like I've always wanted
this now that I have it I feel miserable
okay let's go into that yeah so up into
the what point were you excite
looking forward to that experience I
guess like yeah just like the whole
journey of like getting over there
I think overseas and then once they got
there was cool at first but then once it
started happening and I saw the Cowboys
on the day-to-day basis I guess I just
wasn't as like I was like cops I didn't
like it so what I hear you saying is
that up until the actual reality of your
dream you had these high expectations
and we're excited and happy but it's
right when it actually became a reality
that things didn't go as planned
yeah like your internal was like a
disaster right so it's like if somebody
would to look upon your life from the
outside they would say how is he not
good like he's doing exactly where you
would want to be yeah yeah so um what is
it though that wasn't kind of meeting
your expectations when you arrived
all right let's let's talk about more
like what your expectations were my
expectations were to arrive into
situation where like everything was
amicable or is like like like it's a
team game so obviously want like the
team to meet together and you want like
like things to be efficient and fair and
honest yeah and like it just wasn't like
that like the team was just very
scattered okay like very egotistical
like narcissus narcissus Cystic vibes
going on wasn't organized
not much salary I don't know if that
homes yeah yeah just like everything
okay what's right right it kind of hit
you that it this is not what I was going
for
okay yeah Wow yeah I bet that was kind
of like I hate slamming the face yeah
yeah big one because you had this just
kind of picture of was it all good that
you were hoping to I mean to get
gorgeous unrealistic to things can go
perfect but I just yeah yeah I thought
that would be more good than that more
goodness but it was for sure more bad
than good right okay all right yeah
that's a very unique experience and it
sounds tough it sounds like yeah when
whenever we have expectations and
they're not met especially when we're
pretty sure that it's happening or it
will happen you get there and then
you're like wait this is what I was
waiting for this whole time and I'm not
happy with this is not that cool yeah
okay so from there let's talk about what
you did like once you realized that
things weren't exactly how you wanted
yeah I like I was just for sure like sad
all the time just because I was like wow
it's a pretty big reality check and then
just started like kind of diving more
deep into the question of like why like
why it feels like this and basically
this one like kind of spiritual way and
okay but yeah other than that I mean I
kept going with that kept going with it
but every time every day it was just
like more I had more resistance to doing
it more and more to say god I don't want
to do this anymore to actually playing
the soccer going to the training every
day oh wow it was harder and harder
every day yeah okay it wasn't my closet
yeah like this yeah your mind wasn't
changing you things weren't getting
better even when you were trying to kind
of make sense of it yeah I was trying to
make sense of it you have to be
optimistic but yeah time I gotta go with
high energy like positive energy high
expectations yeah and then like shut
down every time okay um you said that
you would go home and then think about
why and kind of cave got some like
spiritual answers it can we go into that
what reasons did you come up with or I
know you you wanted to answer the
question why why is this happening
yeah did you get some ideas on yeah I
mean yeah definitely I think like I was
looking for for like happiness outside
high social status okay so yeah that's a
big one high social status okay so
people kind of looking up to you and
yeah you being right I mean being a
soccer player a professional soccer
player that's something very cool very I
just wanted to be like respected yeah
and I was searching I guess so searching
for like more of that than like actually
of course I like the Amadou searching
more for love like connection and okay
like that respect okay all right so when
you say respect and connection let's
talk about this word so respect who did
would you want respect from who kind of
pops into your head if there's any one
specific friends and so more people
close to you than the world it's not
that you wanted to be on TV
to like have everybody admire you and we
know just more like a small skill like I
know myself to us wanted to feel good
about myself
yeah let's talk about your family and
friends are there specific people that
would
it's mind um no it wasn't like there was
just like one person said god I need to
do this for them it wasn't really like
that but like therefore shouldn't
influence okay
then I guess the big reason was to like
to like I was literally trying to prove
a lot of people wrong like okay coaches
and stuff yeah we're like I don't know
that would ever doubt me right all right
okay so I guess I find myself doing it
for some of the wrong reasons maybe that
doesn't mean they're wrong reasons I'm
not wrong these are like all our
behaviors and our thoughts you know we
haven't for a reason it's because you
you wanted to prove these people wrong
because you wanted to feel successful
you want it to be good and happy and
then that didn't end up happening and so
that's gonna make you feel even worse
right but it's not that you had the bad
intention at all like you you just want
to prove them wrong because they're
stupid it sounds like you wanted this
for you and wanted to show everyone else
that you are good enough right yeah okay
so that's I kind of get that respect
idea what about connection what exactly
what kind of connections were you
connection like I would say like with
just being something part of something
that's like beneficial and something
that has like purpose behind it and
soccer greats out when things go well
the opposite of that okay what does they
like describe a dynamic that would be
the most ideal you know like in this
soccer situation well with good
connection look like yeah just like
having good team minutes if you forget
along with people that respect you you
respect them that's y'all
and then like to go even deeper like
when you play soccer and you play like
you very well
yeah it's just like not everyone feels a
bit like play soccer you feel a
connection yeah you know I use that
always like sought after kids right
that's a great feeling
yes not very natural feeling yeah good
and natural high yes exactly yeah
I can tell that that yeah what you were
searching for it sounds like it's kind
of a communal kind of a caring for each
other and then feeling like you're in
something together yeah yeah yeah and
then when I got there is like the
opposite of that it's like everyone for
themselves like wow were they all in
your situation getting trying to find
the team they're like their own team oh
yeah some of them were so I think yeah
that's why okay how would you describe
their their reaction to you and like did
you come in kind of demonstrating your
desire for that connection and mutual
respect would just say that you came in
with with that good positive state of
mind yeah I mean I always was like
friendly for the boss or anything but
like I was also there unlike almost like
a business sense as well okay yeah so I
guess maybe I've been reciprocated at
times because I felt like I had to
because you don't want to come off as
weak right that's true yeah yeah I mean
yeah I will always want vibes Oh hmm as
always my intention but once I saw the
people don't really reciprocate it's
just like every man for themselves I was
like yeah yeah that makes sense
it's almost though here are you saying
that that you can kind of see where
they're coming from you do relate in
some
spec's because it makes sense to be
every man for yourself business-wise
yeah and for the goal of achieving your
journey right just keeping soccer status
like good it makes perfect sense but I
was just like I'm not willing to put up
with this okay okay um I know like what
with what you're saying what you would
have wanted in return would be respect
from family and friends and from people
previous coaches that maybe didn't think
that you could do it and then from your
teammates and coach at that like
particular moment in Spain yeah I mean
not just to the players as a person as a
person
yeah what would they what would you want
them to respect of you just like
naturally try and like put on that show
can you expect from people right I just
want to be myself and people like me for
who I am yeah okay so um when you would
go back home and kind of sit down you
know kind of take it all in where your
experience in that moment in Spain yeah
let's go back to that what would what
was going through your head as like
possible solution or kind of the the
feelings that you were going through
well I know I'm sure like there's
disappointment I hear disappointment in
your story right yeah what else would
you describe or we can go into
disappointment yeah I would say like
negativity as well I don't feel like
this is never gonna work
I'm never gonna make it in these
circumstances okay
or like if I keep going like this I'm
gonna become like a bad person because
I'm surrounded by so much thing is
everything okay so I'm here to to like
even now that your dream you have more
idea of what it is in real life
yeah that you actually don't even want
to enjoy all the way because look at
what it makes other people I know
because I know just up to like I saved
myself I'm like like be like cutthroat
and not really with like a fulfilling
lifestyle just call me like I need to do
this means you do this right right okay
all right so there's like the
disappointment negativity kind of
crushing of your of what would you say
to give that like my dream of you dream
of you dream okay anything else yeah but
it's a lot yeah that seems like kind of
a mountain of like kind of debris or
something crumbling on yeah it's just
like I found out everything at once yes
I was like overwhelming but I went
through it and yeah you did go through
how did you get through it
I would say are ding was the big one
like what kind of party just like going
out with people that I met yeah it's
kind of like seen that ah there's like
more to life than just this yeah yeah so
it was almost like the dream that you
were looking for the actual kind of what
had to do with soccer and its using it
was like oh I don't even like that
anymore that's not making me so good no
actually I'm liking other stuff more yes
exactly which came to be traveling okay
meeting people from like foreign
cultures yeah you know partying like
doing the whole tourist thing and then
reading was like
okay okay so you found a lot of
interests yeah definitely did I mean I
did find some positive out of it yeah
look the part that I wanted the most
sure not to be like the worse part right
just like so strange
okay so to the sound like what yeah how
does that even make sense yeah okay but
talking about it it's kind of like we're
kind of picking it apart right yeah and
I think that's just kind of how it goes
sometimes that's how like life you you
have these like dreams or at these paths
that you're going on and we think that
it's straight but it's not necessarily
straight and it's like the end goal
isn't sometimes what we thought it would
be yeah and then we take different paths
and learn different things about
ourselves especially at a young age yeah
okay so you came in though kind of what
what was the the idea that you kind of
wanted to get through just kind of why
it happened
oh yeah I just wanted to make sure I'm
not like going crazy over this okay
because I always replay it in my head
like okay I really situation possible
why they said that should I have done
this
okay yeah I just wonder like I
understand that it's like normal and
yeah that maybe was even for the best
okay what do you think with it for the
best
I know yeah like it's always we always
want to say that we always thought oh
it's for the best like but does it feel
that way yet it doesn't seem like you're
so sure yeah I'm not so sure yeah I was
like maybe I should've kept going
because maybe wasn't safe but you can
always say that like cause it sounds
like the breaking points like something
about it yeah but I don't know and from
what I saw like even guys that had more
experience for me yeah that were better
than me they were like just a level
above I was in terms of like divisions
okay like they were struggling so I was
like I have no experience it would take
like three years for me to get do you
like it high level right and then yeah
it was like no money coming in so I was
like okay there was a big gap between
where you were and then because you it's
like you made it - you got a taste of
what it does and no soccer life was -
and then you it's like you weren't happy
though you even when you got there it
was like oh you got to that you got to
the professional soccer right but then
it's like oh I know in order to be happy
I have to be up here with like first
division and you know and even they are
struggling so it's like oh yeah yeah I'm
really gonna put all this time and
effort in to like get to this point
where I'm still gonna be struggling
was a tough decision but
yeah yeah wanted to obviously make you
two point I'm getting enough money to
like live and like something respectable
I don't want to be like just like hang
on yeah I never wanted that of course
you always we want to be comfortable
oh yeah we wouldn't be someone we can
thrive and we're not just like like the
bottom you know that's very
understandable I'm good and so when you
think back would you have changed some
of your decisions or what is kind of
that you know if you if you're looking
into the issue right now it's like what
what are you really grappling with like
that maybe it was it a decision that you
would have made differently you know was
there a breaking point a specific point
yeah who's this like one decision where
I was about to sign with the team and I
had to get a medical like physical exam
okay
and I went to the hospital to get it but
like I was so like didn't feel right
when I get to the hospital and I get my
physical and I go to penny and I give
the lady the money oh we don't have any
change
can you go down and get a change
somewhere else yeah I went downstairs
and I was like this must be deciding or
something
yeah and I was like yeah I don't want to
do this thing because it's alright I'm
not doing it and I was just like I'm not
gonna sign I had a good experience but
yeah I don't want to continue anymore
okay yeah and then so I always think
like should I have gone through with it
at least stayed a little bit longer to
see how would have gone okay so that was
the point where it's like it could have
kept going and maybe gotten better yeah
so that's maybe what you were hoping for
thinking right now like although that
could have happened if I would have
not physical maybe I would be exactly
where I wanted to be yeah yeah Riley so
we didn't know more I already felt like
I knew enough yeah when you say no more
what would you what kind of things we do
if you wanted to know let's go into that
so playing better the your actual skill
level you would have wanted that same
crease yeah I mean because I was
training a lot like I was getting better
but I was just like yeah and I didn't
like the team really it was just kind of
like a last-ditch option okay and I felt
like I wasn't even gonna play so yeah
the stress and aside with them
if I can okay so then that was some
reasoning that yes and then the so yeah
it seems like the actual team that you
were gonna sign with like if you really
look at the the reality of what was
happening I think it wasn't a team that
you were really looking to play with no
it was just like a last-ditch option
yeah and like it was kind of like it's
better than nothing tech media and I
didn't want that I wanted something was
like oh I really want to be here yeah
and then and then the team ended up
getting oh really
yeah so what happens when a team gets
relegated they they finish in the bottom
three yeah and they go down the division
okay so it's not they were still the
team but they went down yeah okay okay
knowing that how did that make you feel
it made me feel good because
can make a good decision but then I saw
that some of the players from that team
went to buy the teams after all right so
the whole idea of not knowing if you
would have signed that paper and gotten
that physical if that would have made
you happy if that would have gotten you
where you want it to be thing is that
it's that the unknown that you wish you
couldn't kind of wrap your head around
more yeah so when you're sitting with it
right now what's going through you I'm
so thinking like what if no way comes to
mind if I acted too much on emotion
rather than logic which I probably did a
critical point
yeah in the hospital or yeah in general
yeah I mean like hospital for instance
pretty big decision yeah they're like an
hour yeah all right and you the idea of
not going with logic and just going with
your emotions you think that would have
been bad or that that was a bad choice
to just go with your emotions it
probably was all right are you okay with
the idea not saying that this was a bad
decision are you okay with the idea of
making a bad choice yeah I understand
that happens yeah I just wish I'd to
make it maybe okay yeah yeah so the idea
of kind of regretting decision yeah is
that where
that's that's an honest you know it's an
honest reflection a lot of people don't
want to to live with or they love the
idea of not living with any regrets
yeah although there's a lot of times
where you know we could have gone a
little bit further in the pool or at a
job or in your job in your case you know
it's they're all relevant exactly you
always want to know if you should have
gone a little bit further yeah and then
you made a decision know to stop there
yeah yeah I was already like seven
months think I've seen enough okay and
would you then like stay longer you
would have gotten that physical you know
knowing what you know yeah just you know
it's like miserable it's just because
when you look into that day what was
really keeping you back
just the feeling I know you've said you
were miserable so it was just kind of
that the emotion yeah miserable yeah a
lot of emotion like what are their
emotions like resistance when you say
resistance is like taking another step
towards something I wasn't sure about oh
okay okay okay so that for sure okay
it's like not having the faith to cuz
you're not sure where you'd end up if
you keep signing these papers keep
getting these physicals keep going yeah
like you're so I'm not sure and we don't
know the future so it's like having this
kind of blind faith that is that
resonate yeah yeah I mean nothing
in the situation yeah in the system and
the reality is like this yeah like like
I said foods like that he was like I'm
stoked to be here I would have liked for
sure sign the FISC or any papers of that
room mm-hmm like ready to go
what stuff what but I did not faith in
the system so that's why it's so
hesitant yeah to taking the next step
what is a system that you do have faith
in that you could easily sign a paper
for and there's there to be no
hesitation oh like a team you're so just
in general in life like a system work or
crossroads where it's easy to say yes or
no to something are you talking like in
terms of a career it can't be either
like a career or maybe school anything
being with someone moving okay yeah like
chocolate traveling is easy to make okay
would you really is that what I'm seeing
is that like like there are times in
your life where you're very sure of
yourself
mmm in your case traveling are there
other areas like moving somewhere would
that be very easy for you or going to a
different school changing careers yeah
normally when I'm sure something I'm
like very sure of it okay so so you've
been with the big decisions you feel
usually like you know yeah
if I feel confident and what I'm doing
it's like an easy decision okay so in
this case mirroring Spain was their
uncertainty yeah like I said in like
that I was thinking a bit more long-term
mm-hmm
because I was looking at that as a
career mm-hmm but I made a short-term
decision so I think that's where I went
wrong okay because you brought up
uncertainty so there was that and then
you said that there's confidence when
you do have confidence though even in
uncertainty you are able to make a
decision kind of quickly and with yeah
so was the confidence lacking yeah
wasn't gonna thrive in that team okay so
there's some logic there though there is
yeah I hear that
you know you acted all on emotion but
then I hear some logic behind there's
like you not a lot of logic went in for
like weeks it just still eats me away
sometimes okay just the question of what
if yeah yeah thing is that's the
question you can't really get an answer
to right there's no there's no way of
knowing yeah but it's the ability to
accept not knowing that there's no way
of knowing that would bring us peace
right is that the goal to find peace
with the whatever to find an actual
answer to the what if these be the
difference I know it's kind of dunno
okay I think I think I've already found
peace with the what is okay well I'll
give up an armory question no I want to
know oh I found peace with it before
yeah yeah no I want to know
like I need to get to another team and
find out okay okay so how did that come
about when when did that switch comes at
you that that desire to know the last
few months trying to pinpoint like a
moment not like it necessarily one
moment but like time in your life or
what was happening yeah during those
days that you that kind of popped in
your head again
yeah just like I guess when I started
because I took your break from soccer
after that but when I started to play
again and then people would be like oh
you should go play properly like that
okay REE sparked something in my head
yeah up until that when you were in
playing soccer you were taking a break I
was taking a break yeah okay and so when
did you start playing soccer again yeah
so about that time it kind of got back
into your head the what if yeah I was at
peace with like the decision I made yeah
cuz yeah I mean just felt right hmm but
now I'm just wants to know for real yeah
but that makes sense what do you see a
connection between you playing soccer
and people asking you what you're doing
with your skill level and then you are
bringing back that question of what if
so you're saying that the desire to know
what if like what would have happened if
you did sign those papers okay that came
about when you started playing soccer
again and people started asking you like
what you were doing with your future or
what you wanted to do with yourself
or why you weren't what kind of
questions would come up that kind of
kind of hit it
nerve yeah I know people say like dude
like so what are you going to to next
child what do you do no soccer so
playing yeah yeah yeah what is it about
those like is it the people you think I
actually asked them that you wanted to
impress maybe or that like let's go into
when they ask actually are asking you so
when's your next trial Oh what are you
doing this soccer you're still playing
like oh when are you traveling next yeah
what's what's going through your head
yeah and I feel like it's almost like
kind of like a obligation of my
- like keep going establish like the
reputation and like yeah like progressed
a lot with it you're known for that you
are Milan the guy that plays for
different teams I mean yeah most people
like know that I play soccer
yeah I don't want people to spit I guess
it's like just a soccer thing but
something that I take pride in and I
feel is definitely a part of me okay
so and you said reputation so what what
reputation do you have and what would
you okay okay all right and so would you
be giving up though it's I mean this
time that when you're bringing up giving
up it's concerning other people and you
mentioned the word obligation so whose
obligating you great he said there's an
obligation for you to what my moderation
to me is to reach my fullest potential
okay but I also want to in a way like
inspire other people
mm-hmm see like not like in like a
cheesy way of like I feel like I just
feel my best and I'm striving towards my
aspirations yeah and the fact that I'm
like not is like I just feel bad if I
can turn away sometimes okay but you
were about to say something about other
people like you want to kind of be a
good example for other people yeah I
mean not in an example so not like like
I'm not like famous but like just the
people that I know it kind of be like
yeah inspiration in a way
yeah motivate sex show I just want like
other people to also follow their dreams
okay yeah all right and see you in a
bright light kind of like like oh he
he's going through four going who's
going forward for it yeah I don't want
to be that garlic he's done okay all
right so if they were to really know
what was kind of going through you like
what would you really want them but what
do you want these people to think of you
like they they wanted to see you be pro
right cuz that's the Nydia that
everybody likes I mean knowing somebody
cool oh yeah and you know I used to
think like that but I'm not like I don't
know that that's not even like real
that's a that's not even like your real
Oscar Asian like the only reason I want
to do is cuz I just want to like play at
the highest level okay I don't really
care about in famous or anything like
that all right
but I feel like people like Iranian in
the industry are always putting pressure
on here today be like want to be mm-hmm
I guess that also got to my head it was
like driving me crazy when like in Spain
when I just needed to focus on playing
yeah there's so much other stuff thrown
at me I probably should have had a
little better but it got to me like the
pressure
mm-hmm okay yeah and then today though
you're still feeling that pressure not
all the time but yeah sometimes like
something we'll just like Sparkman likes
to say things that usually when you're
playing soccer with these other people I
can't even I can't even pinpoint one
exactly it's just like it's just when I
start to think about that what if yeah
well that's I know it's tough it is
complex and and this is a very touchy
subject for you because it's so close to
who you are and what you've been
striving for since what age really young
so it's it's really kind of going with
the punches rolling with the punches not
kind of like what we were talking about
not really finding the answer maybe to
what if because we know that that's
impossible it's impossible we don't know
what would have happened if you didn't
get that physical right what would
happen after yeah but it's the idea of
okay how can I go back to kind of
accepting it and know that you did and
then you came back I wonder yes yeah but
as long as you don't relapse in an
unhealthy way and it's just kind of
going through your head again in this
very and then it's just maybe reminding
yourself of why you chose the decision
you did and not not really kind of not
putting punishing yourself we're kind of
looking down on yourself for making that
decision in the past
just kind of staying with where you are
now and then seeing how you can kind of
be at peace with what happened before
and then move on in a different way yeah
yeah okay all right is there anything
that kind of came up towards the end
here no how do you feel yeah yeah I feel
good I feel a bit more calm yeah tell me
about it kind of understand like things
more yeah it's really complex it's
complex it's not like we solved it right
yeah yeah it's not something that would
be that possible to solve it was like
this yeah but I'm glad that you're gonna
hope to like get off my chest
thank you you're welcome
yeah it was great to see you again um if
it happens again if that would have pops
into your head and you want to come and
let me know you can you know I can be
the one who knows what you're talking
about that's what it