all right so high time yeah my name is
Selena nice to meet you so before we get
started I just wanted to talk about a
couple things
um so the sessions are typically going
to be about 45 to 50 minutes in here for
the next six weeks will be about once a
week and cuz I'm talking about whatever
you have in mind and wanting to bring
out for this session um one thing that I
wanted to bring to your attention is and
obviously everything will be kept
confidential here and then there are
just a couple things that I wanted to
point out there might be a couple
instances that I would have to break
confidentiality and some of those things
would include if there was a court order
obviously I would have to respect that
if I ever believed that you were going
to harm yourself or any other people I
might have to get someone else involved
just to make sure that everyone stays
safe obviously and then any suspected
child or elder abuse that would have to
be reported as well but other than that
everything will be kept confidential one
thing is that I do have to record these
sessions for video and audio as far as
educational purposes I'm still you know
working on my Master's and things like
that are you okay with having everything
recorded yep that's me okay excellent
and then also I might have to talk with
my supervisor about some of the things
that we talked about other than that
everything is kept confidential between
us too and that's also just for
supervision and educational purposes
okay
mmm okay excellent so I guess why don't
we get started um what are you some
things that brought you in today I'm
just overwhelmed with
a lot going on and I just started school
so things have just been highly on
together so just really overwhelmed with
everything going on in terms of feelings
and we're gonna hold health on as a case
manager so I work in the community with
clients in a CSP working with people's
friend yeah so you're working full time
and going to school as well what kind of
classes are you - no I'm taking serious
techniques managing so far is just feel
like I don't have time for myself right
right just trying to figure out the
balance between all of that mentioned
not wanting things like that
he works from home all day and doesn't
talk to anybody so he I come from any
distance at Chad Chad and he said just
wondering I come home and relax a little
bit not having to worry about that
conversation mm-hmm but I just I don't
want to let that go because I don't
really kind of confused on where what
kind of things have you been doing
lately as far as managing well I usually
have time set aside so I have
Wednesday's off and then I usually use
that day for homework and then Friday is
a two part of my name doing homework
I usually didn't get myself Friday it
means in Saturday
sunday is homework so I usually just
because if I go out and I don't have the
system working has it not been working I
was still feeling overwhelms like I'm
still feeling that stress like wishing I
had more time I don't see my family as
much and they really give me a hard time
about it and nobody really understands
like school and work is my priority
right now
mm-hmm I'm almost feeling a little bit
guilty and you mean having more the
social it was easier when I was in
undergrad because I was in lacrosse so I
didn't have that pressure every week I'm
like I went to school up there for that
reason like I wanted to it's been like
chubby gang you know more because I'm
closer now it's more regular every week
yeah I can imagine just the pressure
that they're constantly giving you every
week
like keep my priorities and focus on
school right easier to feel like some
your friends might respect some of those
other excuses versus school a bit more
yeah just because none of them are in
school so you get the same pressure with
your family as well
so how I guess what are some of the ways
that your parents make you feel guilty
my husband's parents there are always
making an effort to come to our house
just a lot for us to travel to you all
those dreams right see you feel like FB
maybe a little bit easier if they made
more of an effort to come to you instead
of the other way around
why are you expecting something of me
it was like putting school first but
feeling you know seems like it's been
pretty hard to see here that all out
from what you said before that you had
done it previously are you kind of
feeling
like oh my can I do this now yeah yeah I
think that's what has been his feelings
Evan that's the last relationship I
would write and were you guys together
when you were in your undergraduate
mm-hmm so he I might have here and then
he went to school and lacrosse so I
would be very year apart and then I
moved up there and I mean he has I mean
he has given me a hard time like he
always tells me you keep on taking on
more and we need to stop and he didn't
tends to be my voice of reason but I
don't like to make my own decisions and
you know I listen but I also keep going
and up to
I just that's my workout thing I just
think I'm more like work and take I'm
more of a school just to see what I am
capable as when they're just trying to
push myself more and more to see yeah
sometimes I get to the breaking point
and I just like push myself I need to
remind me like pushing yourself too far
and I think he is feeling that right now
so it's hard for me does so what kind of
things do you tend to take on extra with
work a lot I'm always trying to go above
and beyond and get more experience with
my last job but I love my job and I
worked in my home working with just
wanted to get more experience and I took
crying two extra jobs on top of that one
thing the same company but it was I mean
it was in school but to me it was worth
it like if I didn't do that then I
wouldn't have that job
I have now because of that post three
months of a lot of extra work and me
coming home crying like I got this job
that I have known as a case manager and
I'm always pushing myself to get more
experience and is it just you said
getting more experience you know is that
experience for your future career
experience for you it's once a week but
I'm also learning
they don't have as much experience I
can't do therapy with them but it it's
like a teaching class learning learning
about you do you want to say no or is it
just you feel like you have to or
alright so it sounds like a good idea at
first then when you really get into it
like throughout undergrad I had no less
than three jobs over time
I don't know how I keep friends and I
think that's where I'm struggling now
it's like I want to continue but same
behavior because that's what it has been
valued that's like where I hold my
values is that experience and always
learning more and always pushing myself
to those limits I'm a nerd I wanna
maintain those relationships and I'm
still working with essentially so what
would you say are some of the most
important things for you um I hate to
say it but work is my work and school is
where I strive and sometimes I struggle
with that because I don't hold my
relationships with people at the highest
point and I think some people would or
some people with I've done I don't value
my friendships or my relationships as
much as I do work and I think my husband
oh it was just so the job that I had in
lacrosse a loud - it was just the people
I worked with working with people with
disabilities was just I'm dealing with
crisis all the time when my clients just
like have no interest in us being there
and like they are voluntary but it it's
more making sure they're working towards
change so it's like feeling the clients
don't want me like sometimes it's just
harder and what it's rewarding but it's
not the same relationship that I had I
thought their job and I just mean some
of the relationships are good and I
builds relationship with really
exceptional clients no but it's just
hi distress all the time a lot of crazy
often so that sounded kind of sounded
like it was more collaborative a bit
more supportive where you are now so you
kind of almost feel like stay there for
the experience I'm going to wait it's a
little break because I don't see myself
kind of seems like you feel a little bit
stuck where you are at right now because
you don't have the time to devote to
applying
they weren't really really to teach so
it's just been hard
like we're an AK team and it's supposed
to work as a team they they're just not
like the two people that have been there
the longest just aren't open to the
team-based it's been hard adjusting to
that job I just always think I always
compare it to my last job
why did you earn it your last job
because I moved back here so that was
always the plan so it wasn't really a
position that you wanted to quit you
know I knew I wanted to and we were
willing to give me positions case
management positions open and that's the
field I want to eventually go back to
really bad so the position was open and
they interviewed and they're like are
you planning on staying with us we know
what you want to go to grad school and
that was I probably would have had six
months there in that position so they
said they wanted somebody that would you
know you don't want a case manager to
quit after sexy money
I just wish I could have and they didn't
offer me like it's a great position to
fill in but before they hired somebody
so I took it that experience yeah so it
almost sounds like you felt like you
could it was the right position for what
you were looking for as far as you know
the team environment that support and
then somewhere where you can really grow
mm-hmm
you know you feel like you don't really
have that with all right it's just very
impersonal um it's not a company I could
see myself working for a long term
I wanted it to be the time I started
case managers turn around the same timer
after me I've already quit because new
people like what why wouldn't I come
back is there a reason we all hate their
jobs and do you feel like you're being I
think they're hearing it it's just they
don't know how to fix it a few case
managers
unusual for case managers to have people
there for that long
it's typically people coming for their
supervision hours and then they leave
after two years but there's a few that
have been there and they kind of set
that attitude so they don't know how
good to an attitude and they're coming
to me for advice and I'm like why why
you asking me to fix this they know I
have supervisor experience and you're
like oh would you make this more
positive I'm like we can change their
attitudes that's not my job to give you
love advice like I don't feel right
about it either so you kind of feel like
H to be handling it to you yeah like I
mean for supervision weekly and a lot of
this team what would you do I can give
you that input but it's no my job to fix
that I feel like I mean to tell her
everybody applause right I don't want to
be that person I can tell
we're like what's this person and this
person did this and does that kind of go
into making sure you keep people happy
and things like that come from community
so the lot for me to even bring it up I
was considering quitting because of the
attitude if you want them to change
they're gonna leave and you don't want a
little busier best taste managers so you
kid it's hard for them you're kind of
feeling like they couldn't you're not
doing as much as they may be good mm-hmm
yeah it's like there's no quick fix like
I would want because it is stressful to
come into that environment
Premium and they like I know there's no
quick fix tightly monitors it's
unhealthy now I'm gonna work everyday
mm-hmm draining and exhausting the
environment and then I have to come home
and do everything that you got to do
sounds like you've really got quite a
bit on your plate right now you know how
do I find something that's another added
stress is going through the rejection
but you did say that you know causes you
obviously wanna stress with taking on a
lot mm-hmm
yeah so I'm just kind of letting it go
that's just not good timing but I just
I'm always afraid of like
that's a really stressful day I thought
I was reaching like keep going through
this like I need to quit tomorrow what
made that day so stressful
climbing I pass away so that kind of
started today happy and then I went to a
client's house and she was you know I
tried all day to get her and other
services get her get her out of the
house bringing back to the office to see
her doctor
I moved my entire Dane around I was
seeing three clients at the same time
just and then I tried to get her in
around seeing other clients so I really
was just like five places at once and
then she left I was like I feel
completely helpless like I tried
everything I could like I did my part
and then to find out she's going back to
her
yeah we would be like
like I'm always trying to challenge
myself
this job is challenging really
challenging I know if I can get through
this that I can handle a lot more later
so it kind of almost sounds like you're
trying to add a bunch on your plate just
to see how much you really can't handle
mm-hmm have that guarantee that hey I
can make it through your future is that
yeah and also making sure that you know
I'm able to get a job later like I'm
always trying to build this experience
so that I have security and John stager
and always want to always have a secure
job and that's something that worries
you for the future you know sometimes I
always want to make more I always want
to do more and develop more like I can't
just
have a job where I'm like at this
homeostasis so I always one of challenge
did you wanna be a case man
once you get out or is there something
else that year um peace management is at
my angle so I think case management
experience is really hard and I didn't
know what I wanted to do promise me but
I'm gonna do more okay I don't know I
think that's what I want to learn
so this is kind of a pet that you always
see yourself it's doing you mentioned
before it then you would always been
like that
mmm so is that what you kind of thrive
on mm-hmm I think so
and I feel proud of myself when I'm
doing more and I'm challenging myself
like what if I wasn't doing all these
things yeah because it seems like from
what you've brought up you know you play
such an emphasis on doing all those
things but at the same time it's
stressful I don't know
wasn't challenging mean I don't think
I'd be happy with I don't know I think I
get to be happy I need this dress I feel
like I need the validation I think it's
just like warnings proud because like my
dad was just he worked really hard and
like he knew him go to college he didn't
finish high school so that's kind of
like what he instilled in me it's just
you gotta work hard and I think that's
worth it so I think taking on this extra
stuff while I'm in school is like I'm in
school and also working really hard
that's where it comes from
yeah I was trying to validate like hey I
am in school
while we are kind of wrapping up this
session here today on this area or
something that's on your mind before we
wrapped up a holler really are just
still trying to figure out how to
balance my time time that's where we can
pick up next time in love
nice very nice meeting you and you will
be meeting here next week for about the
same time really kind of that struggle