no I don't want to talk to her I spoke
to her last week for God's sake she
could sort it out for herself this time
well if you can sort it out for bloody
well sort it out then why are you
bothering me okay
of course everything's not okay I've got
a report to finish by the end of the day
and the bloody phone keeps ringing in
case you've forgotten I'm on tablets
that make me short-tempered
is that enough for you or do I need to
ask add more yeah come on right look
everybody knows you're trying to give up
smoking and we know it's hard but you
know look you just don't seem to be
yourself today to just leave a jasmine
will you I'm not in the mood ah God's
sake I'd better go and see if he's okay
are you sure Jose he's really not happy
today yeah I'll be fine
I didn't expect will be too long but I
better go and have a quite word
I know I know I'm completely out of
order these damn tablets they made me so
bad-tempered I mean it even says so on
the list of side effects so it's not
just an excuse
I'll call Helen and apologize to her
maybe I should move to a different
office on my own one without a phone
Roger look I know you'd determined to
give up smoking this time and I know
about the tablets and I and I know how
they affect you but look it just feels
like it's more than that you know you
look as though you've got this big black
cloud just wrapped all around you and
well it's just not like you you know
we've worked together for quite a while
now and I just wanted to say that if I
can help in any way at all I will so
well I just don't like seeing you like
this it's okay I'll be all right
Thanks really honestly but there's
nothing you can do and you're right it's
not just the smoking or the tablets it's
well it's down to me really I've just
got to see it through look if it would
you know help to talk to somebody about
whatever's going on and you know talk to
me I'm happy to listen well you know I'm
doing this counseling skills training
well they teach you to be a better
listener so well you never know you know
it might help you to sort things through
if you talk to somebody about it I can't
swear I don't really think I need it
counselor
do I really look that bad well you know
I'm a long way from being a counselor
ROG but you know the listening skills
are really useful so well look anything
that that you say will stay just between
the two of us it wouldn't go any further
I promise I know you can keep a secret
you never join in the office gossip well
I accept
well except if you were in any danger or
if somebody else was in any danger then
I you know I might have to break the
confidentiality agreement you know as
they say so there's nothing like that
okay well I reckon we can spare 10
minutes then so well why don't we go
into Bill's office because then it would
be private and he's a whale week so no
one would disturb us I don't know
because it's really kind of you thanks
but I got so much to do
yeah I know you're busy Raj but if you
think about it you're not having smoking
breaks anymore so I think you can spare
10 minutes but what do you think come on
I don't know well alright let's get on
with it the thing is you see I'm not
used to talking about myself here I'm
more of sort of a you know someone who
sort it out for themselves I do I just
get on with it
but talking about myself the chance
would be a fine thing hmm
you're the kind of person who just sort
things out for themselves yes they're
talking to me must be quite hard I'm
wondering if it's hard because I'm
younger than you are and it's it's
obvious that you've had more life
experience than I have
oh no it's not then they're not really
just that I'm used to my own company I
don't talk to other people very much hmm
that sounds of space I don't know a bit
lonely really and how about your
relationship with your daughter you talk
about it very fondly yeah she's a good
girl bit preoccupied at the moment with
new baby and everything Oh Roger
oh yes she's expecting isn't she isn't
the baby due soon
she had it last week last week well why
didn't the same thing Oh Roger I'm so
sorry there's something wrong with the
baby I'm a in a spell everything's
fine everything's
mother and baby both doing well okay
both back at home you didn't say
anything everyone here oh of course you
had Thursday off didn't you
and I I didn't even ask our I'm so sorry
I didn't put two and two together not
your fault actually the baby arrived the
day before a bit earlier than expected
but she's fine they're all fine I booked
that day office annual leave months ago
it was you could say sort of an
anniversary an anniversary I'm sensing
this is very difficult for you Roger
last Thursday was 10 years ago to the
day that my wife died I can't quite
believe it it feels like last week hmm
it's still so raw even though it was ten
years ago
I'm so sorry Roger I didn't know why
would you you never met her ayah I wish
you had she was very special hmm special
would you like to talk about her odd
well where do I saw her she was half
Iranian she had the most beautiful eyes
I'd ever seen and shiny black hair that
smile I can see their sadness in your
eyes as you remember her and how
beautiful she was
you must miss her terribly
I I think of her it every day every
single day she was my everything my
reason for living to get up in the
morning
no reason to live and yet my daughter is
just a little girl a new generation it's
time to look to the future but it's hard
oh I'm being stupidly selfish I I have a
beautiful healthy granddaughter and a
daughter and a son-in-law both pleased
as punch what more could anyone ask for
Raj you're telling me the most wonderful
news and yet there's no joy in your
voice joy not really no Julie really
just memories of the past and what might
have been
Sariah should have been here child our
grandchild and when they gave me the
baby to hold all I can think about was
my myself and I'm miserable I was and
you were holding your new grandchild and
all you could think about was how
miserable you were feeling Jasmine no
sir I and Iowa was so happy together and
when we found out Julia was on the way
we were over the moon another little
dark-eyed princess for from me to adore
and then when she arrived she turned out
to be a a suet face dumpling just like
her dad is so Julia looks like you not
like her mom yeah she certainly does oh
I'm just I'm just joking she's she's
lovely
and it's such a good girl she's kind and
funny just just like her mom hard worker
- hmm
oh I can't believe I I almost lost her
what a fool I would have been what I
would have missed almost lost Julia well
in a way I mean she didn't almost die or
anything like that
but when my wife died I I just couldn't
cope I shut down with drew from life I
suppose
jazz I have no reason to be proud of
myself
I was never a good father
not at any time but certainly not then
and she really needed me Julie was 15
what a mom died just coming up to exams
and career choices and all that hormones
all the things are her mother would have
dealt with instead she she just had me
all wrapped up in my own problems and
not able to help her at all I couldn't
even look after myself a little on her
and then I barely spoke to her for a
couple of years and she was off to the
University and it was too late
poor little girl
till eight and yet it sounds as though
you you'd get along now no that's
because she's such a good girl and a
forgiving sort of soul she gave me the
chance to make it up to her but it must
have been hard on her you know the
Sounders say you're blaming yourself and
yet julia has forgiven you for not being
able to be there for her because of the
pain of the loss you know because you
were hurting too much I was hurting too
much but it's more than that really I
think I went a bit mad for a while it's
like I I didn't want to go on living
without Sariah that's when I started
smoking really heavily hmm I've been a
heavy smoker ever since I didn't care
what it was doing to me huh why would I
care I really didn't want to go on
living
I felt without her hmm it sounds so sad
well Jaron you stand as though you had
lost your reason to live well that's how
it was for me I can't imagine how Julia
felt lost her mom and her dad was on a
crash course to self-destruction but
she's stuck by me we muddled through and
and then there was suddenly a new baby
on the way and it was strange jasmine
died it's like someone had taken the
blinkers off me or something in III
didn't want to live that way anymore
you've found your reason to live that's
it exactly
mm-hmm a new generation hope for the
future and also I didn't want to be
around a new baby
reeking of smoke so when Julia made the
announcement I I was determined to quit
it's been really hard that's why I went
to the doctor for the tablets hmm I
didn't think I could do it by myself hmm
you know I used to be quite a smoker I
was only 15 when I started my parents
never found out but you know it's time
went along I I started to realize I was
beginning to really depend on them and I
got quite scared so well you know I'm
managed to quit okay but I can imagine
after 10 years it must have been quite a
look really hard it was really hard I
hadn't realized what a big part of my
life and it become a way of coping I
suppose the the tablet seemed to be
helping but they made me so bad-tempered
hmm she's a beautiful baby I'm strong
and healthy but it was such a shock
seeing her for the first time it was
such a shock well you see she's the
image of Sariah ah I don't know it was
like there was this little girl a little
baby with a shock of black hair and
almond eyes golden skin hmm I don't know
I my heart just stopped beating I think
for a minute you see Julie is as fair as
I am hmm and her husband's a red-haired
Scotsman oh and I mean there was it's
like there was baby suryya
no I certainly wasn't expecting that
must have been a big surprise yeah it
was a huge surprise especially as it was
the day before the anniversary brought
back all the sorts of feelings to the
surface
I can tell you hmm but I didn't reach
for the cigarette sir that's one good
thing mm-hmm yeah that's very good hold
on wrote it but how are you feeling
right now how am I feeling well I
suppose I'm feeling rather ridiculous
actually I'm sorry for being so selfish
hmm you know you've called yourself
selfish got a few times now and I'm not
sure it's true
I mean you've been through such an awful
lot of pain and you weren't expecting
your new grandchild to bring back all of
those feelings about your wife I
certainly wasn't but I do feel a bit
ridiculous either I mean it was a good
surprise
a wonderful surprise she's gonna be a
beautiful young lady with a family who
loves her definitely
hmm do you know her I think I'm
beginning to feel it rather excited
about the baby
hmm at last I still feel a bit stupid
though for reacting how I did what an
idiot
I must be the luckiest man in the world
so why am I going around feeling sorry
for myself
biting everyone's heads off I should be
around my daughter's house getting to
know my little princess I think you're
gonna have a wonderful time getting to
know her about you and I wouldn't be too
hard on yourself you know for being the
emotionally unsettled you've been on an
emotional roller coaster one way or
another I could say that
you know you could think about going to
see a proper counselor somebody who's
properly trained not simply like me
who's just starting to learn about it
all know who's being hard on herself
you've been a real help I mean it and it
could have been easy to just stand up to
me when I was in that mood you're going
to be a really good counselor I'm sorry
for being such a pain sake a watcher you
don't need to apologize but you have
been through an awful lot so do you
really think about going to see someone
who's properly trained your doctor could
put you in touch with somebody Oh
hmm well I'll see how it goes uh I think
I'm going to be too busy for all that
sort of thing for a while these little
girls can be quite demanding yeah they
certainly can well but yeah see well
yeah we've had our 10 minutes that we
agreed on are you okay to finish now
definitely it was it was good to talk
and you know the bit about the
confidentiality well you know don't
worry about it I don't mind if you tell
the others with what we talked about now
I honestly ring dream of it that would
be totally unethical and anyway this has
been about you and nobody else you know
if you wanted to tell people yourself
then I'm sure they would be thrilled for
you you know a fresh start and all that
fresh start I like the sound of that
jazzing just
Thanks