good afternoon Christine I have a
referral letter from dr. Baker but I'd
rather you told me about what's been
going on and how you feel that
counseling can be helpful well I'm not
sure it will really it wasn't my idea to
come here
dr. Baker insisted I give it a go
because I keep going back to see him
with Ron I'm not sleeping very well and
I'm all stressed out and I'm not coping
I expect he's just fed up with me so
counseling wasn't your idea no oh it's
nothing personal it's just that I can't
see how the problems I'm having at home
can be made any better by talking to
someone I don't know
but relate perhaps or a marriage
counselor maybe but well you seem much
too young for me well that's a lot of
reasons to be unsure you didn't ask for
this because you don't believe that
counseling can help and even if you did
want counseling you're not sure that
this is the right kind plus I'm too
young for you Christine you seem both
angry and sad at the same time oh yes I
am angry but I am also feeling down too
the truth is Christine I don't know if
counseling would be helpful or if I'm
the right person for you and I don't
even know if couples counseling would be
better but we have got 50 minutes right
now and we could use that time if you
like to look at these questions then if
you decide to go ahead with our work the
surgery offers up to six sessions but
that would be your choice my choice yes
of course
it's funny you say that I don't have to
come back I really thought that you were
going to try and convince me that the
counseling was a fabulous idea
I don't see that as my job Christine you
may discover that counseling isn't
helpful or you may actually discover
that it is well I I really appreciate
you being straight with me so yes I
think I'd like to stay and talk to you
today but but I don't know about any
other appointments well we can discuss
that at the end of the session now
before we start Christine I need to
inform you that anything you say will
stay confidential within the surgery
I'll let dr. Baker know if you decide to
go ahead with counseling and I will need
to write a short summary of our work
together at the end of the session but
if there is anything that you don't want
included we can discuss it no no I'm not
worried about that
hmm he's heard most of it anyway I'd
also have to let him know if I was
worried about your safety if I felt that
you're a danger to yourself or to
someone else part of being in counseling
is having the ability to keep yourself
safe between sessions is that okay and
that seems fine actually it's quite a
relief because I have been feeling
really down and I was scared what I
might do you've been scared that you
might harm yourself yes when I went to
dr. Baker that was six months ago I was
feeling really well trapped and
desperate I felt such a failure I even
thought about killing myself you know
it's the only way out but I wouldn't
because of my daughter
but well I was scared what I might do if
I really lost control so you thought
about suicide because you couldn't see a
way out
are you still feeling like that
Christine no no no Philippe that's my
husband he made me go to doctor Baker
and that's ironic really because well
it's our relationship that's getting me
down but I'm on antidepressants now and
I just feel exhausted and irritable and
I'm still not sleeping properly so your
relationship is really getting you down
can you tell me more yes well it was
bound to happen in the end I suppose
people always thought our marriage was a
huge mistake although for years I
thought it was working so well a huge
mistake well yes the loop is from Zambia
see and and apart from the cultural
differences between us he was 26 when we
got married and I was 40 so no one
thought it would work no they didn't do
you know this whole age thing really
pisses me off because no one would give
a damn if it was the other way around
you know an older man with a younger
woman but people thought it was wrong
that I was doing something embarrassing
and unacceptable now in you look shocked
and I told you just now well yes I was
for a second because it is unusual which
I suppose is the reaction that you get
all the time but I'm not feeling
critical of you Christine can you tell
me more about the people who are against
it well it's my parents mostly I think
they got resigned to the fact that
he wouldn't get married no I was too
strong minded independent I like
traveling about and I wasn't the
marrying kind
but then I went to Zambia I met Philippe
and everything changed I just felt so
strongly about him so deeply I just
wanted to be with him he was just so
different from any of the men I'd been
out with before so what was so different
about Philippe oh well he was just it
was just more serious really more real
it had a really tough life I mean he
walked miles to school in cab way and
well then he'd worked himself up to
college you know through government
scholarships he's a brilliant
mathematician so even got his doctorate
since we met he teaches now in London I
don't know he's he seems to have a
completely different sense of priorities
from most of the men I know know even
now he sends part of his salary back to
his family in Zambia to help support
them and I really respect that and the
way that you know he's he's done things
to get on in his life I mean my life
it's been so easy in comparison so you
really respected his values and hard
work oh yes
sometimes it seemed like it was us
against the world
especially when we had Gemma you'd be
surprised how prejudiced people in this
country still are it was quite hard
sometimes would you like to talk about
that well okay we live in Bedford you
know and that is quite a multicultural
area but I can still remember the
shocked expression on the face of my
child mind and when I took 3 months old
Gemma to her for the first time
and your parents when you had Gemma how
did they react oh well they never
thought that the marriage could last and
I think they thought that I was doing
things just to be difficult like I
always did that was said with feeling no
yes
it's the label I think I've got in the
family my mom would say that I did
everything just to be difficult for
example Oh playing football with the
boys instead of netball the girls
insisting on going to the Secondary
Modern School instead of the Grammar
School which I could have done are all
sorts of things they they never believe
that I'm going to do the right things
for the right reasons
no they always think that I'm going to
do something just to be difficult so you
marrying a 26 year old Zambian man when
you were 40 was just another example of
you being difficult
oh yes and they just sat back and they
waited for it all go wrong Christine I
sense a real sadness there that it all
went wrong well it didn't not not
straightaway we were really happy for 15
years but now and after such a long time
fifteen years is a long time yet you
still see your marriage as a failure
it's a lot longer than many
relationships last
what changed Christine
oh well it's it's all down to Gemma
really she's just turned 15 and well
she's a lot like me she doesn't like
being told off and just we have endless
arguments about absolutely everything
well I haven't experienced parenting and
adolescent yet but I do remember my
parents finding my younger sister very
difficult no take it from me speaking as
a parent it is bloody awful on the one
hand I really would like to try and
understand her because I am identify
with the rebellious side of her but on
the other hand I'm just so angry with
her for bringing such unhappiness into
the family ah I tried to support Filipe
you know in front of her because I think
I should really but when she's not there
I just turn on him so you identify with
Gemma's rebelliousness yet you support
Filipe in front of her because you think
you should oh yes I mean the trouble is
we can't agree on what is reasonable I
think she should be allowed to go on a
sleepover to friends or maybe stay out a
bit later if she hasn't got school the
next day
but Filipe thinks that no young girl
should do that because he thinks it's
too risky he keeps talking about her
being respectable and it doesn't help
when she loses her temper and shouts
such dreadful things at him he thinks
that's proof that she's out of hand
we never disagreed when she was little
but now the fact that we are from such
different cultures it seems to well it's
just ruining our marriage so you feel
that the cultural differences have
suddenly become a huge problem and well
you can't in all honesty support
Phillipe when gem is being difficult
because you think he's being
unreasonable that just about sums it up
the truth is I blame Phillipe because he
refuses to accept what is normal for a
teenage girl in this country how many
it's not as if she was doing anything
really bad
Gemma is always shouting at him
this isn't bloody Zambia and I have to
agree with her and you feel that this is
destroying your marriage
oh yes Phillipe and I aren't constantly
arguing perhaps my parents were right
the difference is between us just our
two great christine when you said that I
could feel how sad and depressed you're
feeling but what you describe being
caught in teenage arguments and
conflicts sounds to me like the kind of
thing that happens to all kinds of
parents not just surge from different
cultural and racial backgrounds really I
mean you don't think that all of this is
just down to the fact that Phillipe is
from Zambia well Christine let's face it
arguing about how much freedom to give a
teenage girl especially when she's
pushing the boundaries all the time
happens to lots of parents especially if
they're brought up differently which is
often the case even if they're both
white and born in this country
do you know Stella I didn't even want to
come today but it's been such a relief
talking to you I can see now that my
marriage well it wasn't a huge mistake
in that oh well it wasn't destined to
end in failure and I can see to that all
these difficulties we're having with
Gemma but they can't just be put down to
cultural differences between us well
Christine you certainly seem less
stressed so how do you feel about
further counseling sessions oh yes
yes I think I would like to come back
for the other six sessions if that's
okay with you
I was wondering though could I bring
Filipe if he's willing I'm afraid that
wouldn't be possible Christine you see
couples counseling is very different and
I'm not trained to provide it it would
also change the agreement between us but
well we could certainly use that time to
explore whether you would like to go to
counseling as a couple yes that would be
really good if we looked at that I'll
bear it in mind and I'm quite happy with
it being just us for now shall we look
at some dates then yes that will be
great
[Music]
you